---
title: WPD:Community/Meetings/Community Development
---
<h1><span class="mw-headline" id="Community_Development">Community Development</span></h1>
<p>This is the Community Development Task Force meeting page.
</p><p>See <a href="/wiki/WPD:Community/Task_Force/Community" title="WPD:Community/Task Force/Community" class="mw-redirect">Community Development</a> task force page.
</p><p><b>Time:</b> TBD 
</p><p><b>Zakim Bridge:</b> +1.617.761.6200
</p><p><b>Conference code:</b> 3627 ("DOCS") 
</p><p><b>VOIP:</b>  <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="sip:zakim@w3.org">sip:zakim@w3.org</a>
</p><p><b>IRC Channel:</b> #webplatform
<a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="irc://irc.freenode.net/webplatform">irc</a>
<a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="http://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=#webplatform">webchat</a>
</p>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="Tuesday.2C_May_21.2C_2013_at_10:00_a.m._PDT_.2F_1:00_p.m._EDT_.2F_5:00_p.m._GMT">Tuesday, May 21, 2013 at 10:00 a.m. PDT / 1:00 p.m. EDT / 5:00 p.m. GMT</span></h2>
<h3><span class="mw-headline" id="Agenda">Agenda</span></h3>
<ul><li> Follow up on Action Items</li>
<li> Progress on projects
<ul><li> Doc sprints</li>
<li> University outreach</li>
<li> Recognition &amp; rewards</li>
<li> Beta community efforts</li>
<li> Anything else?</li></ul></li></ul>
<h3><span class="mw-headline" id="Notes">Notes</span></h3>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="Tuesday.2C_May_07.2C_2013_at_10:00_a.m._PDT_.2F_1:00_p.m._EDT_.2F_5:00_p.m._GMT">Tuesday, May 07, 2013 at 10:00 a.m. PDT / 1:00 p.m. EDT / 5:00 p.m. GMT</span></h2>
<h3><span class="mw-headline" id="Agenda_2">Agenda</span></h3>
<ul><li> May 22nd NYC Doc Sprint has been canceled.</li>
<li> Tabled items from last week (see below)</li></ul>
<h3><span class="mw-headline" id="Notes_2">Notes</span></h3>
<p>Present: shepazu, julee, jswisher, scott_rowe, millo (IRC only)
</p>
<ul><li> Doc sprints
<ul><li> May 22nd NYC Doc Sprint has been postponed. Patrick is seeking a venue and a date. </li>
<li> North Carolina sprint (Doug) is looking unlikely.</li>
<li> No sprint for Portland/OSCON, as it's mostly <i>not</i> a webdev conference; but do a WPD Wednesday that week.</li>
<li> Millo reports he has tentatively scheduled a sprint in Seattle for May 31st, in collaboration with U of Washington.</li>
<li> Jay Meissner is working on setting up a sprint in Zurich, in conjunction with a conference, August 28th.</li>
<li> Paul Verbeek (who attended the Berlin sprint) is organizing a sprint in conjunction with Fronteers in Amsterdam in October. Scott hopes to attend.</li>
<li> ACTION: Scott to update Events page (already DONE)</li></ul></li></ul>
<ul><li> University outreach
<ul><li> Clarify what we're asking academics to do</li>
<li> So far, just subscribe to a news list.</li>
<li> Not focusing (yet) on programs or direct recruiting</li>
<li> Reaching out to Tech Writing depts, like at UWash (not all U's have them)</li></ul></li></ul>
<ul><li> Beta community efforts
<ul><li> WPD Wednesday is to push towards beta content quality</li>
<li> Reviewing is one of the 5 tasks for WPD Wed, along with writing basic facts, writing explanations, writing examples with explanations, and filling in links to related content.</li>
<li> The CSS mailing list is a good place to recruit interested, knowledgeable people (not nec. CSS Working Group members, who are already over-burdened)</li>
<li> Can do a broadcast appeal on the list; better if comes from someone not affiliated with W3C. ACTION: Julee to send message that Doug has drafted.</li>
<li> Also approach list members 1-to-1: "Your post on X was great! Can you help write/edit/review WPD pages about X?" I.e., specific to that person, and their expertise, in response to something they did, asking for specific action. ACTION: Doug to ask Lea to keep an eye out for candidates; Julee is also on the list and can help.</li></ul></li></ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="Tuesday.2C_April_30.2C_2013_at_10:00_a.m._PDT_.2F_1:00_p.m._EDT_.2F_5:00_p.m._GMT">Tuesday, April 30, 2013 at 10:00 a.m. PDT / 1:00 p.m. EDT / 5:00 p.m. GMT</span></h2>
<h3><span class="mw-headline" id="Agenda_3">Agenda</span></h3>
<ul><li> Progress on university outreach.
<ul><li> Spreadsheet created and sent to comm &amp; recruiting TF members.</li>
<li> We want funding to go to content contributors, per Alex.</li></ul></li>
<li> Should we have a launch plan for Beta: who will create &amp; lead it?</li>
<li> Should we have a "New &amp; Notable" checklist: a mini-launch list for great new content or features. Something like:
<ul><li> Get a couple of folks to look at it.</li>
<li> Get a campaign id for piwik.</li>
<li> Write a blog about it.</li>
<li> Send it out in social media.</li>
<li> Ask folks on the public list and IRC to re-tweet or whatever.</li>
<li> Get stewards to point to it from their highly-juiced pages.</li></ul></li>
<li> Doc Sprint North Carolina (?)</li>
<li> Doc Sprint Zurich, targeted for August 28: Call for Experts, who can support the event on-site?</li>
<li> NYC Doc Sprint update
<ul><li> Patrick D'Souza working with venues to host the event before he starts promoting the event <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="http://wpd-nyc.eventbrite.com/">http://wpd-nyc.eventbrite.com/</a></li>
<li> One of the organizers of Patrick's meetup has backed out because of some personal reasons so he's working with another organizer Matt Mapplebeck to identify venues and promote it. Working with About.com to get them to host the event (tentative). Emails have been sent out to other potential venues and meetup organizers and I'm waiting for their response this week</li>
<li> Appnexus is unable to host the event as they are hosting some other events during that week.</li></ul></li></ul>
<h3><span class="mw-headline" id="Notes_3">Notes</span></h3>
<h4><span class="mw-headline" id="Present">Present</span></h4>
<p>scottrowe, julee, patrickdsouza, shepazu, millo 
</p>
<h4><span class="mw-headline" id="Agenda_items_addressed">Agenda items addressed</span></h4>
<ul><li> Progress on university outreach.
<ul><li> Spreadsheet created and sent to comm &amp; recruiting TF members.</li>
<li> Considered jswisher's (not present) recommendation against large-scale, cold-mailing.</li>
<li> Resolved to clarify purpose and approach for including university contacts on public-webplatform-news e-mail list.
<ul><li> Julee will respond to jswisher on public-webplatform e-mail list.</li>
<li> Approaching only known contacts, asking permission to include them first.</li>
<li> Working through contacts to recruit university students.</li>
<li> public-webplatform-news@w3.org:
<ul><li> Update current content areas of focus.</li>
<li> Announcements of fellowships, internships, etc.</li>
<li> Analytics &amp; metrics (scoreboard), top pages, top contributors, etc. (patrickdsouza)</li></ul></li></ul></li>
<li> Millo will also reach out to contacts at IEEE and ACM university chapters</li></ul></li>
<li> Should we have a launch plan for Beta: who will create &amp; lead it?
<ul><li> Julee to include the following criteria in the <a href="/wiki/WPD:Project_Status" title="WPD:Project Status">Bet Criteria</a>:
<ul><li> CSS Properties, HTML5 APIs complete</li>
<li> Gold standards and a representative page for each topic type</li>
<li> A cogent content architecture</li>
<li> Re-evaluate the flag system
<ul><li> More actionable: guide to contribution on the spot</li>
<li> Less cautionary: not so scary</li>
<li> A clear distinction as to the level of readiness for each page</li></ul></li>
<li> Clearly defined on-boarding process
<ul><li> Editor's guide, Getting Started guide improvements (julee and shepazu working on it)</li>
<li> More involvement from community leadership: office hours, content wrangling meeting</li>
<li> Clearly defined doc sprint process</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></li>
<li> Resources for achieving beta
<ul><li> Re-purpose steward resources toward beta priorities</li>
<li> Begin regular content wrangling sessions on IRC and direct new contributors through that process</li></ul></li></ul>
<h4><span class="mw-headline" id="Agenda_items_tabled">Agenda items tabled</span></h4>
<ul><li> Clarify scope and purpose of university outreach with jswisher</li>
<li> Fellowships, funding for contributors in university outreach (jkomoros may have more information)</li>
<li> Beta leadership and timing</li>
<li> Doc sprints
<ul><li> New York, May 22-23
<ul><li> Patrick D'Souza working with venues to host the event before he starts promoting the event <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="http://wpd-nyc.eventbrite.com/">http://wpd-nyc.eventbrite.com/</a></li>
<li> One of the organizers of Patrick's meetup has backed out because of some personal reasons so he's working with another organizer Matt Mapplebeck to identify venues and promote it. Working with About.com to get them to host the event (tentative). Emails have been sent out to other potential venues and meetup organizers and I'm waiting for their response this week</li>
<li> Appnexus is unable to host the event as they are hosting some other events during that week.</li></ul></li>
<li> North Carolina in August (?)</li>
<li> Zurich, targeted for August 28: Call for Experts, who can support the event on-site?</li></ul></li>
<li> Should we have a "New &amp; Notable" checklist: a mini-launch list for great new content or features. Something like:
<ul><li> Get a couple of folks to look at it.</li>
<li> Write a blog about it.</li>
<li> Send it out in social media.</li>
<li> Ask folks on the public list and IRC to re-tweet or whatever.</li>
<li> Get stewards to point to it from their highly-juiced pages.</li></ul></li></ul>
<p>===Minutes
</p><p>10:03 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; community development task force meeting now starting
10:03 AM — scottrowe_ is scribe
10:03 AM ⇐ chrismills quit (~chrismill@135.244.112.87.dyn.plus.net) Quit: chrismills
10:03 AM — julee present
10:03 AM &lt;Millo&gt; present
10:03 AM → David_Herz joined (~wpd@46-116-231-237.bb.netvision.net.il)
10:03 AM — Millo 
10:04 AM — Millo present
10:05 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; University outreach
10:06 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; jswisher (not present) recommends against cold-mailing.
10:08 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; we want to get folks on the news list
10:08 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; but the goals of University outreach may be beyond the news list and beta launch
10:10 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; milo recommends reaching out to IEEE and ACM
10:10 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; shepazu (not present) may have contacts
10:11 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; milo has contacts at IEEE and ACM
10:11 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; milo: need to define our goals, message
10:12 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; motion to table discussion until jswisher and shepazu can attend
10:14 AM — shepazu on the way
10:18 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; sorry was away in meetings.
10:18 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; still stuck in a meeting so i'm unable to attend
10:18 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; the call
10:18 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; shepazu suggests that Milo take point of reaching out to ACM and IEEE
10:19 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; following on irc
10:20 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; milo: need to define the message
10:20 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; AI: milo to define the message
10:21 AM &lt;David_Herz&gt; Sorry if this is out of line - I don't know what the protocol is.  Do I ask a question here?  Can I put my hand up to make a comment?  Anyway, what I want to ask is relative to the previous question about goals.  In reaching out to universities, are we looking for collaborators or to make people aware of our docs as a source for developing best practices?  In other words should people already be looking here as this being a com
10:21 AM &lt;David_Herz&gt; resource.  If so, why start so late (i.e. university)?  My kids, starting at 9 years old, are going to eCamp this summer.
10:22 AM &lt;julee&gt; We're still going pursue University channels that are already there.
10:23 AM ⇐ Ryan_Lane quit (~Ryan_Lane@wikimedia/Ryan-lane) Ping timeout: 268 seconds
10:24 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; Resolved: still pursue university outreach, known, targeted audience
10:25 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; plan is to contact known persons directly and ask to be included on the news list
10:26 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; Criteria for Beta
10:27 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; issue: we don't have enough resources to achieve beta status, as currently defined
10:27 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; link:
10:27 AM &lt;julee&gt; <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="http://docs.webplatform.org/wiki/WPD:Project_Status">http://docs.webplatform.org/wiki/WPD:Project_Status</a>
10:29 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; shepazu: do we have anyone driving creation of css pages?
10:29 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; julee: I am. Need to recruit (loop back to university outreach).
10:30 AM &lt;julee&gt; <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="http://docs.webplatform.org/wiki/WPD:CSS_property_guide">http://docs.webplatform.org/wiki/WPD:CSS_property_guide</a>
10:30 AM &lt;julee&gt; <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AkRs-89PKiZpdE0xdm9Sb1ZvRW1ZRzMtWEdyU0Z4OEE">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AkRs-89PKiZpdE0xdm9Sb1ZvRW1ZRzMtWEdyU0Z4OEE</a>
10:30 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; shepazu: how many pages left to work on in CSS properties?
10:30 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; ^^
10:31 AM → Ryan_Lane joined (~Ryan_Lane@wikimedia/Ryan-lane)
10:32 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; shepazu: proposes pulling our own resources off of other projects to drive CSS properties for beta 
10:35 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; do we have a hard deadline for beta&#160;?
10:36 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; shepazu: proposes developing a task force for beta
10:42 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; shepazu: the task force comprised of web development people
10:44 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; milo: stewards could each take a batch of pages and drive their completion
10:52 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; julee: we need a recruiting plan
10:54 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; AI: julee to create recruiting plan with on-ramping description for CSS properties 
10:55 AM &lt;shepazu&gt; patrickdsouza, we have a vague one, and we're working toward a specific date
10:55 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; thanks shepazu
10:58 AM &lt;shepazu&gt; David_Herz, right now, our main focus is on reference material, not the educational material. Once we're in Beta, we'll focus more on the educational stuff. So the current university push is to get web-savvy engineers and designers to help contribute
11:04 AM — Millo leave!
11:04 AM ⇐ Millo quit (836b93a9@gateway/web/freenode/ip.131.107.147.169) Quit: Page closed
11:04 AM &lt;julee&gt; <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="http://docs.webplatform.org/wiki/WPD:Project_Status">http://docs.webplatform.org/wiki/WPD:Project_Status</a>
11:12 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; i'm thinking i should create a weekly analytics mail outlining the metrics for the last week
11:12 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; top pages
11:12 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; top tracking campaigns
11:13 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; top trends
11:13 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; do we want to pull data about pages worked on during the week
11:13 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; top contributors for the week
11:13 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; etc
11:21 AM  ↔ patrickdsouza nipped out  
11:23 AM &lt;julee&gt; shepazu: For Beta: CSS Properties are very good.
11:23 AM &lt;julee&gt; … Golden standards for each other topic type
11:23 AM &lt;julee&gt; … All of our msging should include links to those exemplars
11:24 AM &lt;julee&gt; … Re-evaluate the flag system
11:24 AM &lt;julee&gt; … Each flag a call to action
11:24 AM &lt;julee&gt; … how to display flags so they're encouraging
11:24 AM &lt;julee&gt; … a very clear on-boarding process with a regular rythum
11:24 AM &lt;julee&gt; ummm...
11:24 AM &lt;julee&gt;&#160;;-)
11:25 AM &lt;julee&gt; … a very clear Doc Sprint process
11:25 AM &lt;julee&gt; … and announcements
11:25 AM &lt;julee&gt; … flag system should make it clear whether page is ready to consume or ready to edit
</p>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="Tuesday.2C_April_23.2C_2013_at_10:00_a.m._PDT_.2F_1:00_p.m._EDT_.2F_5:00_p.m._GMT">Tuesday, April 23, 2013 at 10:00 a.m. PDT / 1:00 p.m. EDT / 5:00 p.m. GMT</span></h2>
<h3><span class="mw-headline" id="Agenda_4">Agenda</span></h3>
<ul><li> Progress on university outreach.
<ul><li> Spreadsheet created and sent to comm &amp; recruiting TF members.</li>
<li> We want funding to go to content contributors, per Alex.</li></ul></li>
<li> Doc sprints, tabled items from previous meeting.
<ul><li> NYC Doc Sprint: Patrick D'Souza has volunteered to be a leader/organizer.
<ul><li> Patrick's last meetup: <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="http://www.hardcorejs.com/events/79232342/">http://www.hardcorejs.com/events/79232342/</a></li>
<li> He has ideas for spaces, such as appnexus and GA</li>
<li> Promote it: <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="http://www.meetup.com/ny-tech/">http://www.meetup.com/ny-tech/</a></li></ul></li>
<li> North Carolina (?)</li>
<li> OSCon, Portland, OR - July (?)</li>
<li> Amersterdam - October</li></ul></li>
<li> Should we have a launch plan for Beta: who will create &amp; lead it?</li>
<li> Should we have a "New &amp; Notable" checklist: a mini-launch list for great new content or features. Something like:
<ul><li> Get a couple of folks to look at it.</li>
<li> Write a blog about it.</li>
<li> Send it out in social media.</li>
<li> Ask folks on the public list and IRC to re-tweet or whatever.</li>
<li> Get stewards to point to it from their highly-juiced pages.</li></ul></li>
<li> Doug had a great idea
<ul><li> Add link to contributing to JS project on alert pages</li>
<li> Write a cool article about "do not track"</li>
<li> Promo it on reddit</li>
<li> Then, when folks come to visit they get the call to action~</li></ul></li></ul>
<h3><span class="mw-headline" id="Notes_4">Notes</span></h3>
<h4><span class="mw-headline" id="Present_2">Present</span></h4>
<p>jswisher, scottrowe, patrickdsouza, shepazu 
</p>
<h4><span class="mw-headline" id="Agenda_items_addressed_2">Agenda items addressed</span></h4>
<ul><li> Doc Sprint - New York, May 22-23
<ul><li> Patrick D'Souza has volunteered to be a leader/organizer
<ul><li> Patrick's last meetup: <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="http://www.hardcorejs.com/events/79232342/">http://www.hardcorejs.com/events/79232342/</a></li>
<li> He has ideas for spaces, such as appnexus and GA, will work on venues</li>
<li> Patrick will try to get on the <a rel="nofollow" class="external text" href="https://www.internetweekny.com/schedule/all#/?filters=on">Internet Week calendar</a></li></ul></li>
<li> Doug will develop guidance, documentation, script for working on the JavaScript reference</li>
<li> Janet plans to attend</li>
<li> Scott plans to attend (tentative)</li></ul></li>
<li> Doc Sprint OSCon, Portland, OR - July
<ul><li> Resolved to pursue running a small doc sprint during the week of the conference</li>
<li> Janet and Doug will be able to attend; Scott's a maybe</li>
<li> Doug to look into getting space</li></ul></li>
<li> Doc Sprint New York - September 13
<ul><li> No conference to coat-tail</li>
<li> Peter and Scott will handle all details</li></ul></li>
<li> Doc Sprint Amersterdam - October
<ul><li> No new developments</li>
<li> Still on track</li></ul></li>
<li> Doug's great idea ~ discussion ensued
<ul><li> Develop a communication strategy for "seasonal" content  (i.e. Do Not Track) </li>
<li> Recruit contributions</li>
<li> Utilize W3C and Steward company pipeline of releases and efforts (i.e. WebRTC)</li>
<li> Develop a WPD page banner for current area of emphasis</li>
<li> Blog, Tweet, etc.</li></ul></li></ul>
<h4><span class="mw-headline" id="Agenda_items_tabled_2">Agenda items tabled</span></h4>
<ul><li> Progress on university outreach.
<ul><li> Spreadsheet created and sent to comm &amp; recruiting TF members.</li>
<li> We want funding to go to content contributors, per Alex.</li></ul></li>
<li> Should we have a launch plan for Beta: who will create &amp; lead it?</li>
<li> Should we have a "New &amp; Notable" checklist: a mini-launch list for great new content or features. Something like:
<ul><li> Get a couple of folks to look at it.</li>
<li> Write a blog about it.</li>
<li> Send it out in social media.</li>
<li> Ask folks on the public list and IRC to re-tweet or whatever.</li>
<li> Get stewards to point to it from their highly-juiced pages.</li></ul></li>
<li> Doc Sprint North Carolina (?)</li></ul>
<h3><span class="mw-headline" id="Minutes">Minutes</span></h3>
<p>10:01 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; Community Development Task Force Meeting Starting Now
10:05 AM → jswisher joined (~jswisher@cpe-173-174-46-161.austin.res.rr.com)
10:05 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; TOPIC: Doc sprints
10:06 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; scottrowe_: patrickdsouza is planning a doc sprint in NYC for 3rd week in May
10:06 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; patrickdsouza: what do you need to organize a doc sprint?
10:06 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; scottrowe_: a place, food, etc.; maybe get local sponsors
10:07 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="https://www.internetweekny.com/">https://www.internetweekny.com/</a>
10:08 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; scottrowe_: also need a targeted promotion campaign
10:08 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … if the audience is too general, not good
10:08 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; patrickdsouza: I have access to about 3000 JS devs through meetup
10:08 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … what i need is someone with experience with doc sprints
10:09 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; scottrowe_: I might be able to make that, depending on the date
10:09 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … Thursday is better than Friday, which is right before Memorial Day weekend
10:10 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … Probably not good to do multiple days, in conjunction with Internet Week
10:10 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; shepazu: Should have a focus for the sprint, probably MS's JS docs
10:11 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … This should be an easy way to start participating, reviewing the imported docs
10:12 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … Might be nice to have a per-page script to check for issues, or a checklist
10:14 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … Need to find someone who is strong with JS to lead the sprint
10:14 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; scottrowe_: Need to define a process for people to follow, step by step
10:14 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … Need someone to draw up the process, test it, etc. before the sprint
10:16 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; shepazu: Maybe get John Resig involved?
10:16 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … I'll see if he could do a keynote or something
10:17 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; jswisher: We should get someone who has experience with the WPD site
10:17 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; shepazu: I'm familiar with WPD and JS, and I'll be there
10:17 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; scottrowe_: Might actually be a good idea to do multiple days
10:18 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … There are a lot of other things going on that week, and that would give people more options of when to come
10:18 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … Need to get the event onto the internet week event page
10:18 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; patrickdsouza: I can do that
10:19 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; shepazu: It's only a month out, so need to start planning social media campaign now
10:20 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; patrickdsouza: How about Wednesday and Thursday?
10:20 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; scottrowe_: I can make it for that
10:21 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; TOPIC: Other doc sprints
10:22 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; scottrowe_: Dates for NYC sprint are May 22 and 23
10:22 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; shepazu: I should be able to make that
10:23 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; scottrowe_: Sprint at OSCON in Portland OR in July?
10:23 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; shepazu: I talked to someone from OSCON
10:24 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … had a call last week, about WPD and W3Conf
10:25 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … They are going to get back with me next week
10:25 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … We may be able to get venue space from them
10:26 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … In any case, we can find some venue in portland
10:28 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="http://www.oscon.com/oscon2013">http://www.oscon.com/oscon2013</a>
10:31 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; i need to peel off the call. i'm available on irc.
10:31 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; yes wednesday and thursday. i'll work on the venues.
10:34 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="http://www.communityleadershipsummit.com/">http://www.communityleadershipsummit.com/</a>
10:37 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; jswisher: I'll be in Portland that whole week, so maybe something Monday and Tuesday of that week
10:37 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; scottrowe_: Peter and I want to do a doc sprint in NYC on September 13
10:38 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … To do thru Google, just have to fill out a form, and boom, instant doc sprint
10:38 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … Not too close in time to Amsterdam sprint
10:39 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … Amsterdam sprint is rolling along
10:40 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="http://docs.webplatform.org/wiki/WPD:Community/Meetings/Community_Development">http://docs.webplatform.org/wiki/WPD:Community/Meetings/Community_Development</a>
10:41 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; TOPIC: Doug's great idea
10:42 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; shepazu: patrickdsouza was talking about "evergreen" content vs. "seasonal" content
10:42 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; yes
10:42 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; shepazu: e.g., evergreen is stuff that people will always be looking for, e.g., CSS properties
10:43 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; seasonal is like the pointer event
10:43 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; or do not track
10:43 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; seasonal is news-related or time-based
10:44 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; shepazu: It doesn't make sense to buy ads for evergreen content, should do it for a seasonal campaign
10:44 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … led me to think about what seasonal content we have
10:44 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … currently, DRM and Do Not Track
10:45 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="http://www.mediapost.com/publications/article/183963/ftc-defends-w3cs-do-not-track-initiative-to-congr.html#axzz2RJGLdvCH">http://www.mediapost.com/publications/article/183963/ftc-defends-w3cs-do-not-track-initiative-to-congr.html#axzz2RJGLdvCH</a>
10:45 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; ftc
10:45 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … Feds are telling ad companies to work with W3C if they don't want external regulation
10:46 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … Could have blog posts about technical aspects of these topics
10:47 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … could drive traffic from hacker news, reddit, etc.
10:47 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … We have our alpha disclaimer, but we don't have a notice about our current push
10:48 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … Let's find a controversial thing to bring people to the site, and then they'll see other things we're working on
10:49 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; scottrowe_: sounds great, but how do you know when something is going to be in the news, and be prepared?
10:50 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; shepazu: Like what we did for pointer events, had presentations, wrote docs, coordinated with Last Call for the spec, did a blog post
10:50 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … won't always be feasible
10:50 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … Should always have our current push in the banner
10:51 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … things like DRM and DNT, have been bubbling for a couple of years
10:52 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … W3C comms team is plugged into things that may come to the fore
10:52 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … Stewards may also have info about upcoming news
10:52 AM → Ryan_Lane joined (~Ryan_Lane@wikimedia/Ryan-lane)
10:53 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; … We should have evergreen content ready to go, then do a blog post when there's a news cycle about it
10:54 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; scottrowe_: some things like WebRTC are both new and exciting, and very slow moving
10:56 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; shepazu: we can't always know, but if we know about something in advance, we should work on making sure we have docs for that
10:58 AM &lt;jswisher&gt; jswisher: We should look for ways to measure the effectiveness of different news cycles at bringing in contributors
10:58 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; we can judge the effectiveness by using tracking campaigns
10:58 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; jswisher: need to establish success metrics around recruiting
11:03 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; we definitely need to add tracking ids before a campaign to identify the success of a campaign(doc sprints or social media campaigns). number of comments and discussions around it and improvement in search engine rankings.
11:03 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; and new v/s returning users.
11:04 AM &lt;patrickdsouza&gt; we can discuss this at the analytics task force meeting.
</p><p><br />
</p>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="Tuesday.2C_April_16.2C_2013_at_10:00_a.m._PDT_.2F_1:00_p.m._EDT_.2F_5:00_p.m._GMT">Tuesday, April 16, 2013 at 10:00 a.m. PDT / 1:00 p.m. EDT / 5:00 p.m. GMT</span></h2>
<h3><span class="mw-headline" id="Agenda_5">Agenda</span></h3>
<ul><li> Establish an irregular meeting time (lack of agenda cancels)</li>
<li> Doc Sprints - plan for up-coming events:
<ul><li> OpenHelp?</li>
<li> OS Con?</li>
<li> East Coast US?</li>
<li> Amsterdam?</li></ul></li>
<li> Populate public-webplaform-news
<ul><li> <a href="/wiki/WPD:Projects/Communications/Universities" title="WPD:Projects/Communications/Universities">Universities</a></li></ul></li>
<li> Further planning</li></ul>
<h3><span class="mw-headline" id="Notes_5">Notes</span></h3>
<p>At today's meeting of the Community Development task force, we had the following.
</p>
<h4><span class="mw-headline" id="Agenda_6">Agenda</span></h4>
<ul><li> Establish an irregular meeting time.</li>
<li> Develop a plan for university outreach and communication.</li>
<li> Decide when/where to hold up-coming doc sprints.</li></ul>
<h4><span class="mw-headline" id="Actions">Actions</span></h4>
<h5><span class="mw-headline" id="Meeting_time">Meeting time</span></h5>
<ul><li> Resolved: the meeting's appointed time shall remain Tuesdays via Zakim at 10:00 Pacific Time, to be held only if there is an agenda.</li>
<li> Doug (shepazu): confirm the Zakim reservation and reestablish the conference code, 3627 for these meetings.</li></ul>
<h5><span class="mw-headline" id="University_outreach">University outreach</span></h5>
<ul><li> Julee to contact Alex (jkomoros) about potential internship funding and availability.</li>
<li> Julee to create internal spreadsheet listing contacts, their address and particulars.</li>
<li> All to fill in the spreadsheet with contacts - having done the legwork to sign them up.</li>
<li> Doug (shepazu) to contact W3C member universities.</li>
<li> Julee to edit student recruitment message [1] with more detail about internships and specific tasks/projects for recruits.</li></ul>
<h5><span class="mw-headline" id="Doc_Sprints">Doc Sprints</span></h5>
<ul><li> Resolved: Holding a doc sprint at OpenHelp would be contingent upon Mozilla also holding a doc sprint. Not likely.</li>
<li> Tabled: Doc sprint at OSCon, July in Portland, OR.</li>
<li> Tabled: Doc sprint to coincide with Internet Week New York [2].</li>
<li> Tabled: Doc sprint in North Carolina.</li>
<li> Tabled: Doc sprint in New York or Boston area late summer.</li>
<li> Scott: To work with Peter to identify conferences to target for New York/Boston late summer.</li>
<li> Tabled: Doc sprint in Amsterdam, with Frontiers conference in October.</li></ul>
<h5><span class="mw-headline" id="Next_meeting">Next meeting</span></h5>
<p>We'll hold another meeting next week to discuss progress on actions and tabled items.
</p>
<h4><span class="mw-headline" id="Minutes_2">Minutes</span></h4>
<p>10:10 AM — julee present
10:12 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; present
10:12 AM — jswisher is present
10:12 AM &lt;shepazu&gt; present
10:12 AM &lt;waiseto&gt; present
10:12 AM → Ryan_Lane joined (~Ryan_Lane@wikimedia/Ryan-lane)
10:13 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; first decision: we'll keep this time and bridge
10:13 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; Doug will make sure that the old conference number, 3627 is valid
10:15 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="http://docs.webplatform.org/wiki/WPD:Projects/Communications/Universities">http://docs.webplatform.org/wiki/WPD:Projects/Communications/Universities</a>
10:17 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; University outreach: Julee edited the above
10:18 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; jkomoros mentioned that there may be internship money available.
10:23 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; AI: Julee to confirm with Doug, Alex that we have a program in place before we advertise it in public-webplatform-news.
10:23 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; It may be a Google Summer of Code or like program.
10:24 AM → jay_ joined (57bd77b9@gateway/web/freenode/ip.87.189.119.185)
10:25 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; jswisher: Summer of Code excludes documentation work
10:32 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; AI: Wei to send note to Web Education group of W3C, requesting subscriptions to public-webplatform-news, with the body of Julee's Universities note.
10:43 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; AI: Julee to create an internal (not shared publicly) spreadsheet of addresses.
10:46 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; AI: All to contribute recruits to the spreadsheet.
10:46 AM &lt;julee&gt; W3C university members
10:46 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; AI: shepazu to contact Universities that are members of W3C
10:46 AM &lt;waiseto&gt; <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Member/List">http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Member/List</a>&#160;:)
10:47 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; jswisher: English writing programs, technical communication, engineering.
10:50 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; next topic, doc sprints
10:50 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; shepazu: would like to know who can help with an east coast doc sprint
10:51 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; julee: question on the suitability of OpenHelp
10:52 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; jswisher: OpenHelp does not attract a lot of web developers
10:52 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; shepazu: we would need to reruit our own attendees
10:56 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; shepazu: attending with Mozilla would build ties between us and Moz
10:56 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; shepazu: might be an opportunity to build content on both sites
10:58 AM &lt;julee&gt; <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="https://www.internetweekny.com/">https://www.internetweekny.com/</a>
11:01 AM &lt;julee&gt; <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="http://docs.webplatform.org/wiki/WPD:Community/Community_Events">http://docs.webplatform.org/wiki/WPD:Community/Community_Events</a>
11:01 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; resolved: Doc Sprint at OpenHelp contingent upon Mozilla's participation.
11:02 AM &lt;scottrowe_&gt; Meeting adjourned
</p><p>[1] <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="http://docs.webplatform.org/wiki/WPD:Projects/Communications/Universities">http://docs.webplatform.org/wiki/WPD:Projects/Communications/Universities</a>
[2] <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="https://www.internetweekny.com/">https://www.internetweekny.com/</a>
</p>
<!-- 
NewPP limit report
CPU time usage: 0.074 seconds
Real time usage: 0.076 seconds
Preprocessor visited node count: 118/1000000
Preprocessor generated node count: 124/1000000
Post‐expand include size: 0/2097152 bytes
Template argument size: 0/2097152 bytes
Highest expansion depth: 2/40
Expensive parser function count: 0/100
-->

<!-- 
Transclusion expansion time report (%,ms,calls,template)
100.00%    0.000      1 - -total
-->

<!-- Saved in parser cache with key wpwiki:pcache:idhash:7873-0!*!0!!*!*!*!esi=1 and timestamp 20150731110949 and revision id 43660
 -->
